{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Honestly, I thought I would get something more impressive? done by Wednesday for the amount of time I had/spent on this assignment\'85 but I guess I really over-scoped and underestimated how difficult my goal was (for a beginner programmer, at least) and as a result, I was left with a very bare-bone game. Like it\'92s functioning (though barely lol), but it lacks animation, polish, juice\'85 basically what makes a game feel good to play. \
\
I thought basic functions like, say, grabbing an item would just be learning/writing a few lines of code, but it was so much more than that\'97 I had to take into account the little things that were also really important, like making sure the player wasn\'92t holding anything before, etc. And I wasn\'92t exactly sure what I was doing either, so as I looked up tutorials, browsed Reddit/Stack, and went to code help desks, it took me a lot longer to finally understand what to do. \
\
But honestly, this was kinda fun at the same time, especially when things clicked for me. I\'92ll give it that\'85 \
\
I was going to add animations and maybe some UI design but\'85 that\'92s opening a whole \'91nother can of worms that I\'92m not sure I wanna do right now, especially after spending so. much. time. on this assignment already. Maybe I\'92ll come back to this though.\
\
\
\
My question would be\'85 how different is Unity 3D from 2D in terms of workflow? I know 3D is forbidden in this class, but I can\'92t help being curious about it. It looks pretty cool when I see other people do it.\
}